# CreateReturnLabelResponseBody

A create return label response body

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**label_id** | **string** | A string that uniquely identifies the label. This ID is generated by ShipStation when the label is created.  | [optional] [readonly] [default to undefined]
**status** | [**LabelStatus**](LabelStatus.md) |  | [optional] [readonly] [default to undefined]
**shipment_id** | **string** | The shipment that this label is for.  ShipStation  can create a shipment for you automatically when you [create a label], or you can [create your own shipment] and then [use it to print a label]  | [optional] [readonly] [default to undefined]
**shipment** | [**Shipment**](Shipment.md) | The shipment information used to generate the label | [optional] [default to undefined]
**ship_date** | **string** | The date that the package was (or will be) shippped.  ShipStation will take the day of week into consideration. For example, if the carrier does not operate on Sundays, then a package that would have shipped on Sunday will ship on Monday instead.  | [optional] [readonly] [default to undefined]
**created_at** | **string** | The date and time that the label was created in ShipStation . | [optional] [readonly] [default to undefined]
**shipment_cost** | [**MonetaryValue**](MonetaryValue.md) | The cost of shipping, delivery confirmation, and other carrier charges.  This amount **does not** include insurance costs.  | [optional] [readonly] [default to undefined]
**insurance_cost** | [**MonetaryValue**](MonetaryValue.md) | The insurance cost for this package.  Add this to the &#x60;shipment_cost&#x60; field to get the total cost.  | [optional] [readonly] [default to undefined]
**requested_comparison_amount** | [**MonetaryValue**](MonetaryValue.md) | The total shipping cost for the specified comparison_rate_type.  | [optional] [readonly] [default to undefined]
**tracking_number** | **string** | The tracking number for the package. Tracking number formats vary across carriers. | [optional] [readonly] [default to undefined]
**is_return_label** | **boolean** | Indicates whether this is a return label.  You may also want to set the &#x60;rma_number&#x60; so you know what is being returned.  | [optional] [default to undefined]
**rma_number** | **string** | An optional Return Merchandise Authorization number.  This field is useful for return labels.  You can set it to any string value.  | [optional] [default to undefined]
**is_international** | **boolean** | Indicates whether this is an international shipment.  That is, the originating country and destination country are different.  | [optional] [readonly] [default to undefined]
**batch_id** | **string** | If this label was created as part of a [batch], then this is the unique ID of that batch.  | [optional] [readonly] [default to undefined]
**carrier_id** | **string** | The unique ID of the [carrier account] that was used to create this label  | [optional] [readonly] [default to undefined]
**charge_event** | [**LabelChargeEvent**](LabelChargeEvent.md) | The label charge event.  | [optional] [default to undefined]
**outbound_label_id** | **string** | The &#x60;label_id&#x60; of the original (outgoing) label that the return label is for. This associates the two labels together, which is required by some carriers.  | [optional] [default to undefined]
**service_code** | **string** | The [carrier service] used to ship the package, such as &#x60;fedex_ground&#x60;, &#x60;usps_first_class_mail&#x60;, &#x60;flat_rate_envelope&#x60;, etc.  | [optional] [readonly] [default to undefined]
**test_label** | **boolean** | Indicate if this label is being used only for testing purposes. If true, then no charge will be added to your account. | [optional] [default to false]
**package_code** | **string** | The [package type], such as &#x60;thick_envelope&#x60;, &#x60;small_flat_rate_box&#x60;, &#x60;large_package&#x60;, etc.  The code &#x60;package&#x60; indicates a custom or unknown package type.  | [optional] [readonly] [default to undefined]
**validate_address** | [**ValidateAddress**](ValidateAddress.md) |  | [optional] [default to undefined]
**voided** | **boolean** | Indicates whether the label has been [voided]  | [optional] [readonly] [default to undefined]
**voided_at** | **string** | The date and time that the label was [voided] , or &#x60;null&#x60; if the label has not been voided  | [optional] [readonly] [default to undefined]
**label_download_type** | [**LabelDownloadType**](LabelDownloadType.md) |  | [optional] [default to undefined]
**label_format** | [**LabelFormat**](LabelFormat.md) | The file format that you want the label to be in.  We recommend &#x60;pdf&#x60; format because it is supported by all carriers, whereas some carriers do not support the &#x60;png&#x60; or &#x60;zpl&#x60; formats.  | [optional] [default to undefined]
**display_scheme** | [**DisplayScheme**](DisplayScheme.md) | The display format that the label should be shown in. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**label_layout** | [**LabelLayout**](LabelLayout.md) | The layout (size) that you want the label to be in.  The &#x60;label_format&#x60; determines which sizes are allowed.  &#x60;4x6&#x60; is supported for all label formats, whereas &#x60;letter&#x60; (8.5\&quot; x 11\&quot;) is only supported for &#x60;pdf&#x60; format.  | [optional] [default to undefined]
**trackable** | **boolean** | Indicates whether the shipment is trackable, in which case the &#x60;tracking_status&#x60; field will reflect the current status and each package will have a &#x60;tracking_number&#x60;.  | [optional] [readonly] [default to undefined]
**label_image_id** | **string** | The label image resource that was used to create a custom label image. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**carrier_code** | **string** | The [shipping carrier] who will ship the package, such as &#x60;fedex&#x60;, &#x60;dhl_express&#x60;, &#x60;stamps_com&#x60;, etc.  | [optional] [readonly] [default to undefined]
**tracking_status** | [**TrackingStatus**](TrackingStatus.md) | The current status of the package, such as &#x60;in_transit&#x60; or &#x60;delivered&#x60; | [optional] [readonly] [default to undefined]
**label_download** | [**LabelDownload**](LabelDownload.md) |  | [optional] [readonly] [default to undefined]
**form_download** | [**Link**](Link.md) | The link to download the customs form (a.k.a. commercial invoice) for this shipment, if any.  Forms are in PDF format. This field is null if the shipment does not require a customs form, or if the carrier does not support it.  | [optional] [readonly] [default to undefined]
**paperless_download** | [**PaperlessDownload**](PaperlessDownload.md) | The paperless details which may contain elements like &#x60;href&#x60;, &#x60;instructions&#x60; and &#x60;handoff_code&#x60;.  | [optional] [readonly] [default to undefined]
**insurance_claim** | [**Link**](Link.md) | The link to submit an insurance claim for the shipment.  This field is null if the shipment is not insured or if the insurance provider does not support online claim submission.  | [optional] [readonly] [default to undefined]
**packages** | [**Array&lt;LabelPackagesInner&gt;**](LabelPackagesInner.md) | The label\&#39;s package(s).  &gt; **Note:** Some carriers only allow one package per label.  If you attempt to create a multi-package label for a carrier that doesn\&#39;t allow it, an error will be returned.  | [optional] [readonly] [default to undefined]
**alternative_identifiers** | [**Array&lt;AlternativeIdentifier&gt;**](AlternativeIdentifier.md) | Additional information some carriers may provide by which to identify a given label in their system.  | [optional] [readonly] [default to undefined]
**tracking_url** | **string** | The URL to track the package. This URL is provided by the carrier and is unique to the tracking number.  | [optional] [readonly] [default to undefined]

## Example

```typescript
import { CreateReturnLabelResponseBody } from 'shipstation-client';

const instance: CreateReturnLabelResponseBody = {
    label_id,
    status,
    shipment_id,
    shipment,
    ship_date,
    created_at,
    shipment_cost,
    insurance_cost,
    requested_comparison_amount,
    tracking_number,
    is_return_label,
    rma_number,
    is_international,
    batch_id,
    carrier_id,
    charge_event,
    outbound_label_id,
    service_code,
    test_label,
    package_code,
    validate_address,
    voided,
    voided_at,
    label_download_type,
    label_format,
    display_scheme,
    label_layout,
    trackable,
    label_image_id,
    carrier_code,
    tracking_status,
    label_download,
    form_download,
    paperless_download,
    insurance_claim,
    packages,
    alternative_identifiers,
    tracking_url,
};
```

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)
